#summary F.A.Q.
#labels Featured

= Frequently Asked Questions =

This is a list of frequently asked questions about Tungsten.


== What is the difference between Tungsten Replicator and Tungsten Enterprise? ==
Tungsten Replicator is a full application with replication features such as filters, seamless failover, parallel and multi-master replication.
Tungsten Enterprise is a management framework that builds on top of Tungsten Replicator. While the Replicator is free, the Enterprise edition is a commercial package, available to customers only.


== Is Tungsten Replicator free? ==
Yes. It is free to use and modify under the terms of the GPL v2 license.
Notice that, as of today (2011-02-23), the source code is not available yet, due to technical difficulties. This limitation will be lifted soon. However, the binaries that are released are free to use under the same terms.

== Is Tungsten Replicator supported? ==
Yes. We support Tungsten Replicator in open source terms. You can report bugs and expect the same order of responsiveness that you get from any open source project.

== Where is the code? ==
The code is coming. When we decided to open source Tungsten Replicator, we also realized that the code for the replicator is not easy to extricate from the rest of the release that includes the Enterprise edition. It will take a few weeks to clean up everything. But we did not want to delay the users experience. So we have released the replicator as built from the enterprise edition, without the source code. The features that are available in this build today are the same that you will get with the open source code. So you can start experimenting and filing bugs. The code contribution will be delayed a bit.